---
layout: default
img: banner-bg.jpg
category: Services
title: Projects
description: |
---

<b>Bibliometric Analysis of Research Papers</b>

[Link to repo](https://github.com/NandhithaR/ResearchPaperAnalysis)

Analyzed papers based on number of citations, authors, keywords, publications and H-index using SparkSQL.
Calculated Page Rank of authors and papers giving insights such as potential co-authors and field of research.
Leveraged GraphX and Graphframes to create a network of graphs such as field of study and authors to derive
information such as authors who have contributed to more than one field of study.

<b>Music View Predictor</b>

[Link to repo](https://github.com/NandhithaR/MusicViewPredictor)

Collected data using Spotify, YouTube and Twitter APIs, formatted and stored them in MongoDB.
Modeled using various Regression Analysis techniques such as Ridge Regression, Lasso Regression and Logistic.
Regression coded in Python.

<b>Story Ending Generation</b>

[Link to repo](https://github.com/srish-bhargava/myStoryEnding)

Generate story endings based on a given target sentiment.
There were 2 components to the project, a sentiment analyzer and a text generator.
The Sentiment Analyzer is a pre-trained BERT model fine tuned on IMDb and Yelp dataset.
Text generation was done using GPT-2 with a perplexity of 10.
GPT-2 was further fine tuned using Proximal Policy Optimization to ensure the generated ending is pertaining to the sentiment.

<b>AppEase</b>

[Link to repo](https://github.com/vidit23/AppEase)

Developed a watchOS application for children, which detects real time biometrics and heart rate data and notifies the child to either 
play a game, contact someone or listen to calming music when they have a panic attack.
Built an end-to-end application in Django and React for doctors and parents to monitor the child's information.